README.md, before:

# django_nba_starter

[![Uptime Robot status](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/status/m787020082-9e83ac06bbfdca2eeaffe9d1)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/E1wwzTWjDB/787020082)
[![Uptime Robot ratio (30 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/m787020082-9e83ac06bbfdca2eeaffe9d1)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/E1wwzTWjDB/787020082)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)](https://github.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-v3.9.1-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)](https://github.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter?branch=main)


## Assumptions

- If the scores are equal Away Team wins as that team plays with a disadvantage
- Analytics data(`total_time_online`) is captured separately using Google Analytics 

## License

https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/

https://django-nba-services.herokuapp.com

Commit message:

completed get team/{id} endpoint

README.md, after:

# django_nba_starter

[![Uptime Robot status](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/status/m787020082-9e83ac06bbfdca2eeaffe9d1)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/E1wwzTWjDB/787020082)
[![Uptime Robot ratio (30 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/m787020082-9e83ac06bbfdca2eeaffe9d1)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/E1wwzTWjDB/787020082)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)](https://github.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-v3.9.1-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)](https://github.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/pwelagedara/django_nba_starter?branch=main)

## Assumptions

- If the scores are equal Away Team wins as that team plays with a disadvantage
- Analytics data(`total_time_online`) is captured separately using Google Analytics 
- Super Admin is the Django Super User
- Performance optimization is not a primary concern due to the smaller dataset
- Home Team and Away Team in a game


## License

https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/

https://django-nba-services.herokuapp.com
